    Source Link is Here: http://bbs.tianya.cn/post-no05-429790-1.shtml
    Archive Link is Here: https://archive.vn/lytrv
    ----------------------------------------------
    　　                                                          “Secret of Immortality”
                                                                       不朽的秘密
                                                                         
　　   The secret of physical immortality is one of the deepest occult secrets of the Light forces 
  that has never been revealed to anybody who has not reached a certain vibrational frequency. A certain inner purity and a certain degree of dedication to the Light.
      永生不朽的秘密是光明力量最深奥的神秘秘密之一
  对于从未达到一定振动频率的任何人都从未发现过。 一定的内在纯度和一定程度的奉献精神。
  
　　   Physical immortality is reached through a certain conversion process, which is done by the right combination of three factors:
　　   Reversal of the entropy processes in mitochondria: http://www.breatharian.com/ascension.html
      物理上的不朽是通过一定的转换过程来实现的，这是通过三个因素的正确组合来完成的：
  逆转线粒体的熵过程： http://www.breatharian.com/ascension.html
  
       Reversal of the entropy processes in the energy bodies. This can be achieved by sacred union between female and male polarity with inner and outer alchemy.
　　   Regular intake of the elixir of life to support the process. 
   Of the two versions available, the mineral version is more effective and more powerful than the herbal version.
      能量体中熵过程的逆转。 这可以通过男女内部和外部炼金术之间的神圣结合来实现。
  定期摄入不老长寿药以支持这一过程。 在两个可用版本中，矿物版本比草药版本更有效，功能更强大。
  
      The archons and the rest of the Cabal never understood this process in its entirety, but are searching for immortality nevertheless.
 They only have fragmentary understanding of the process which they stole from Memphis-Misraim Masonic lodges. 
 They fail to understand that in order to achieve physical immortality you need to reduce the entropy of your personality to the point 
 that the goodness in you vastly overpowers the evil within you.
　　  Physical immortality is the ultimate manifestation of the Goddess presence within the physical body 
 and this can never be achieved through the war mentality the Cabal possesses.
      执政官和其他阴谋集团从来没有完全理解这个过程，但是他们仍在寻找永生。
  他们对从孟菲斯-米斯拉姆共济会旅馆偷走的过程只有零散的理解。 
  他们无法理解，要获得永生不朽，就需要将人格的熵降低到某种程度，以至于你内在的善良大大压倒了你内心的邪恶。
      永生不朽是女神存在于身体中的最终体现，而这永远不可能通过阴谋集团拥有的战争心态来实现。
      
      The twelve elders of the Brotherhood of the Star, located in a certain undisclosed underground location in the Himalayas, 
  are maintaining the same physical bodies for the last 26,000 years.
　　  Advanced members of the Blue were able to live in the same bodies for hundreds of years.
　　  Brotherhood of the Star has transmitted immortality teachings to the West through their member and alchemist Nicolas Flamel.
     在喜马拉雅山脉某个未公开的地下地点中，星空兄弟会的十二名长者在过去的26,000年中一直保持着相同的身体。
     蓝军的高级成员能够在同一机构中生活数百年。
     星际兄弟会通过其成员和炼金术士尼古拉斯·弗拉弗尔（Nicolas Flamel）向西方传播了不朽的教义。
     
     Many members of the Brotherhood of the Star in the West were very influential in Priory of Sion and within Rosicrucian circles. 
 One of them, Rene d`Anjou, is the single key person that has changed the course of human history for the better more than anyone else in the last thousand years. 
 He is the one that has ignited the light of the Renaissance:
 http://www.ancient-origins.net/history-famous-people/rene-anjou-littlefinger-pre-renaissance-gamethrones-003036
 http://quintessentialpublications.com/twyman/?page_id=44
     西方星空兄弟会的许多成员在锡永修道院和玫瑰十字会圈子中都非常有影响力。 
 其中一位叫Rene d'Anjou，是过去一千年来改变人类历史进程比其他任何人都更好的唯一关键人物。 他是点燃文艺复兴时期光芒的人：
 http://www.ancient-origins.net/history-famous-people/rene-anjou-littlefinger-pre-renaissance-gamethrones-003036
 http://quintessentialpublications.com/twyman/?page_id=44
 
 　  His emblem, the Cross of Lorraine, is the occult symbol of triangulation of Light and darkness, 
the principle of overpowering Light that absorbs darkness and by the process of alchemical transmutation, dissolves it.
　　 The Light forces, especially the Brotherhood of the Star, have supported the Goddess vortex of Lorraine by inspiring Art Nouveau glass making centers in Nancy, 
a city in the center of Lorraine. Many pieces of art glass from that period have embedded Light codes that activate the Goddess presence. 
Daum, a major creator of high quality art glass from Art Nouveau period, has signed his pieces with Cross of Lorraine.
　　 One message of the Cross of Lorraine is that in every Archon or Black nobility family there are beings of Light incarnated 
 who secretly or openly work for the Light and against the plans of the Cabal.
    他的象征洛林十字架（Cross of Lorraine）是光明与黑暗三角化的神秘象征，它是压倒一切吸收黑暗并通过炼金trans变过程将其溶解的光的原理。
    轻型部队，特别是星光兄弟会，通过启发洛林市中心的南锡新艺术运动玻璃制造中心，支持了洛林女神漩涡。 
那个时期的许多艺术品玻璃都嵌入了激活女神存在的光代码。 
来自新艺术运动时期的高品质艺术玻璃的主要创作者戴姆（Daum）与洛林十字架（Cross of Lorraine）签署了作品。
    洛林十字架的一个信息是，在每个执政官或黑人贵族家庭中，都有化身为光明的人，他们暗中或公开地为光明工作，并违背阴谋集团的计划。
 
     One example is Francesco Colonna, member of the famous Archon Colonna family, 
 who was guided by the Brotherhood of the Star to awaken people with coded message through his intriguing book, Hypnerotomachia Poliphili:
　　https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hypnerotomachia_Poliphili
　　This book, together with another book, the Emblem Book by Achile Bocchi, reveals some aspects of the secret of immortality.
　　Some of the White Nobility families, especially Este and Medici families were contacted in the past 
 by the Brotherhood of the Star and are actually still keepers of certain mysteries of the Goddess which are passed from generation to generation within the family.
    一个例子是弗朗切斯科·科隆纳（Francesco Colonna），他是著名的执政官科隆纳家族的成员，
他在星光兄弟会的指导下，通过他的有趣的著作《催眠曲》（Hypnerotomachia Poliphili）用编码的信息唤醒人们：
    https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hypnerotomachia_Poliphili
    这本书与另一本书《 Achile Bocchi的Emblem Book》一起揭示了永生秘诀的某些方面。
白人兄弟会过去曾与某些白人贵族家庭联系，尤其是埃斯特和美第奇家族，实际上他们仍然保留着女神的某些奥秘，这些奥秘世代相传。







 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
     
     
     
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
      
      
      
      
      
      
