    Source Link is Here: http://bbs.tianya.cn/post-no05-429790-1.shtml
    Archive Link is Here: https://archive.vn/lytrv
    ------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                            Artificial Immortality
                                                                  人为的不朽
          Citing Dan Winter again, the process of forcing our bodies to become immortal can be done using various technologies. 
     Monoatomic gold, white gold powder or the so called ‘mana from heaven’ – when consumed – forces the DNA molecule to change its shape and become implosive.
     But because our minds have not concordantly harmonized with truth, this produces psychopathic tendencies and increasingly traumatic experiences.
          再次引用丹·温特（Dan Winter），可以使用各种技术来完成迫使我们的身体永生的过程。
      单原子金，白金粉或所谓的“天上的魔力”（被消耗）会迫使DNA分子改变形状并变得内爆。
      但是，由于我们的思想与真理并不一致，因此产生了精神病倾向和越来越多的创伤经历。
      
          Because DNA is a receiver of consciousness, information flows into the mind more rapidly due to the new interconnected configuration, 
      but has no place to ground itself, and this can cause intense emotional experience of such potency, we begin to dissociate; forming the PTSD mental condition. 
      While the body is physically immortal it lacks the mental configuration to properly receive cosmic energies and information, 
      as a result a vampiric process must be used sustain the body and stave off mental disintegration. 
      Hence ET/ED races which use this technology feed off the fearful emotions of others, the so called ‘looshe’ described by David Wilcock.
          由于DNA是意识的接收者，由于新的相互连接的结构，信息更快速地流入大脑。
      却无处扎根，这会引起强烈的情感体验，因此我们开始分离。 形成PTSD精神状况。
      虽然身体是永生的，但它缺乏能够正确接收宇宙能量和信息的精神形态，
      结果，必须使用吸血鬼过程来维持身体并避免精神崩溃。
      因此，使用这项技术的ET / ED比赛产生了其他人的恐惧情绪，这就是David Wilcock所说的“ looshe”。
      
           Further, because the emotional quality of an artificially enhanced being tends to be negative, the body will begin to breakdown,
      much like what happens to those who follow the dark side of the force in the Star Wars films. 
      As a result, many races develop secondary technologies such as nanotechnology enhanced with an artificial intelligence (AI) to maintain the body.
          此外，由于人为增强的生物的情绪品质趋向于负面，因此身体将开始崩溃，
      就像那些跟随《星球大战》电影中力量的阴暗面的人会发生什么一样。
      结果，许多种族开发了诸如纳米技术之类的次要技术，这些技术通过人工智能（AI）得以增强，可以维持人体。
      
           According to Winter, based on his study of galactic history, 
      there are many ET races which have ‘cheated’ the normal process for achieving physical immortality – by way of harmonizing experiences via holistic knowledge, 
      and as a result are now dependent on the monoatomic elements as well as AI nanotechnology and resulting vampiric energy harvesting.
         温特说，根据他对银河史的研究，
      许多ET种族“欺骗”了实现身体永生的正常过程-通过整体知识来协调经验，
      因此现在依赖于单原子元素以及AI纳米技术以及由此产生的吸血鬼能量收集。
      
          According to Corey Goode, a Secret Space Program whistleblower – as presented by David Wilcock – Draco Cyborgs, 
      who have been ‘taken over’ by nanotechnology infused with an Ai consciousness, 
      came to Earth during the times of Atlantis and gave this technology to a few dozen humans providing them with immortality, and a plan to service fallen ET agendas. 
      This plan was to turn Earth into a ‘loose factory’ or to create huge amounts of fear and trauma to feed these AI infected races. 
      Theoretically the longer one refuses to realign with truth, the more dependent they become on the energy harvested from others. 
      We can see this expressed today in the form of a psychopathic elite which refuse to grow into maturity on their own, and as such is dependent on us for their survival.
          根据科里·古德（Corey Goode）的说法，一个秘密太空计划的举报人–由大卫·威尔科克（David Wilcock）–德拉科·塞博格（Draco Cyborgs）
      他们被注入了AI意识的纳米技术“接管”，
      在亚特兰蒂斯时代来到地球，并将这项技术提供给几十个人，为他们提供了永生，并制定了一项计划服务于下降的ET议程。
      该计划旨在将地球变成一个“松散的工厂”，或者制造大量的恐惧和创伤，以养活这些感染AI的种族。
      从理论上讲，一个人拒绝与真理保持一致的时间越长，他们就越依赖于从他人那里获取的能量。
      今天，我们可以看到这以精神病精英的形式表达出来，他们拒绝自己成熟，因此赖以生存。
      
                                                                    The Solar Shift and Organic Evolution
                                                                               太阳的转变与有机演化
　　      The cost of this technology is huge, as the consciousness within the artificially enhanced body continues to be overwhelmed, 
     it increasingly dissociates from Source or higher self consciousness in expanded realms, eventually the soul disconnects from its soul group.
     As a result, there are many ET races which have lost the ability to procreate naturally and resort to cloning technologies that eventually break down over prolonged usage. 
     In these cases the race goes extinct unless it can hybridize its DNA with a more organic race.
          这项技术的成本巨大，因为人工增强的身体内的意识继续不知所措，
      它在扩展的领域中越来越与来源或更高的自我意识分离，最终灵魂脱离了它的灵魂群体。
      结果，许多ET竞赛失去了自然繁殖的能力，并诉诸克隆技术，这些技术最终会因长期使用而失效。
      在这些情况下，除非种族能够将其DNA与更有机的种族杂交，否则种族将灭绝。
      
          If all this is accurate, according to Winter and several other researchers, then this explains why our genome has been so heavily infused with ET DNA, 
      so that eventually it can be harvested and vitalize a falling race. There is another reason for this hybridization discussed later in this article.
           根据Winter和其他几位研究人员的说法，如果所有这些都是正确的，那么这可以解释为什么我们的基因组被如此大量地注入ET DNA，
       以便最终可以收获它并振兴下降的种族。 本文稍后将讨论这种杂交的另一个原因。
      
           There is an added component to this whole process, which is the cosmic and stellar influences on biology; 
      so called Galactic Waves. The sun produces extremely energetic and coherent electromagnetic energy, 
      essentially organisms of positive emotion which our out highly organized fields and information onto the planets which surround it. 
      When a star progresses up in the evolutionary scale – as a result of galactic waves of energy from the central galactic sun – it produces a huge wave of coherent energy, 
      the so called rapture or ascension event. Deiter Broers, a physicist and solar researcher, 
      has amassed a substantial amount of scientific data to support this notion of solar evolution.
           在整个过程中还有一个附加的组成部分，即宇宙和恒星对生物学的影响。
       所谓的银河波浪 太阳产生极强的能量和相干的电磁能，
       本质上是积极情绪的有机体，它们将高度组织化的字段和信息发布到围绕它的行星上。
       当一颗恒星在进化尺度上发展时-由于中央银河太阳发出的银河能量波-它会产生巨大的相干能量波，
       所谓的狂喜或提升事件。 物理学家兼太阳系研究员Deiter Broers，
       已经积累了大量科学数据来支持这种关于太阳演化的概念。
       
            Broers demonstrates that human affairs have been heavily affected by solar activity, verified by documented evidence. 
       This process of solar evolution is about to happen to our sun, which the Mayans developed a calendar system to cyclicly predict when this would occur. 
       The end of the Mayan calendar was calculated by a team of researchers for December 21st, 2012 – others suggested October 27th, 2011 
       – but as Broers discusses, this calculation was probably inaccurate, and the Mayan system needs to be properly calibrated. 
       Otherwise, the solar transition timeline will be similarly inaccurate. In other words, 
       the Mayans provided an incredibly accurate system for measuring solar evolution, which modern science has failed to interpret properly, 
       and as such the aforementioned end date was inaccurate according to Broers.
            Broers证明，人类活动已受到太阳活动的严重影响，并有书面证据证明。
        太阳进化的过程即将发生在我们的太阳上，玛雅人开发了一个日历系统来周期性地预测何时发生。
        玛雅历法的结尾是由一组研究人员于2012年12月21日计算得出的-其他人则建议在2011年10月27日得出
        –但正如Broers所讨论的那样，此计算可能不准确，因此Maya系统需要正确校准。
        否则，太阳过渡时间表将同样不准确。 换一种说法，
        玛雅人提供了一个非常精确的测量太阳演化的系统，而现代科学对此却没有正确解释，
        因此，据Broers所述，上述结束日期不正确。
        
             Finally a researcher who has spent 20 years using mathematical models for predicting events, 
        Dr. Simon Atkins, claims that a huge wave of galactic energy (‘Wave X’) will hit the solar system and Earth in September 2015. 
        Unfortunately we were not able to find any evidence from the public domain which he uses to validate this claim, 
        but the general concept he discusses harmonizes with the preceding analysis of solar evolution
             最终，一位使用数学模型来预测事件的研究人员花费了20年的时间，
        西蒙·阿特金斯（Simon Atkins）博士声称，巨大的银河能量波（“ Wave X”）将于2015年9月袭击太阳系和地球。
        不幸的是，我们无法从公共领域中找到他用来验证这一主张的任何证据，
        但他讨论的一般概念与先前对太阳演化的分析相协调
        
                                                          Evidence for Cosmic Evolution
                                                                   宇宙演化的证据
              These shifts have already occurred in Earths past in what science calls Spontaneous Evolution. 
         According to the fossil record, evolution occurs in sudden emergences of new species, despite the widely accepted Darwinian model of slow evolution.
         The most apparent example is the Cambrian Explosion – according to present day dating systems – occurred 500 million years ago, 
         when life on Earth went from largely microbial to large and completely developed fauna:
             在科学称为自发进化的过去，这些变化已经发生在地球上。
         根据化石记录，尽管达尔文的缓慢演化模型得到了广泛认可，但进化仍在新物种突然出现时发生。
         最明显的例子是寒武纪爆炸-根据当今的约会系统-发生在5亿年前，
         当地球上的生命从微生物转变为大型而完全发达的动物群时：
        
              The Cambrian explosion, or less commonly Cambrian radiation, was the relatively short evolutionary event, beginning around 542 million years ago in the Cambrian Period, 
          during which most major animal phyla appeared, as indicated by the fossil record. Lasting for about the next 20-25 million years, 
          it resulted in the divergence of most modern metazoan phyla. Additionally, the event was accompanied by major diversification of other organisms. 
          Prior to the Cambrian explosion, most organisms were simple, composed of individual cells occasionally organized into colonies. 
          Over the following 70 to 80 million years, the rate of diversification accelerated by an order of magnitude and the diversity of life began to resemble that of today.
              寒武纪爆炸（或更不常见的寒武纪辐射）是相对较短的演化事件，始于大约5.42亿年前的寒武纪时期，
          化石记录表明，在此期间出现了大多数主要动物门。 持续约20至25百万年，
          它导致了大多数现代后生门的分歧。 此外，该事件还伴随着其他生物的主要多样化。
          寒武纪爆炸之前，大多数生物都是简单的，由偶尔组织成菌落的单个细胞组成。
          在随后的70到8000万年中，多样化的速度加快了一个数量级，生活的多样性开始类似于今天。
          
               While science has yet to make the connection to solar activity, 
          there is already a vast amount of data to support the notion that electromagnetic energy (whether in the form of sound or light) has the potential to accelerate evolution:
              尽管科学尚未与太阳活动建立联系，
          但已经有大量数据支持电磁能（无论是声音还是光的形式）都有可能加速进化的观点：
          
               As the Gariaev group has shown, sound and light can be utilized to rewrite the genetic code.
          The group even went so far as to be able to turn frog embryos into salamander embryos 
          by electronically recording one species’ DNA informational patterns and then re-transmitting them to the other species. 
          The resulting salamanders could even mate and produce baby salamanders.
              正如加里亚耶夫（Gariaev）小组所显示的，声音和光可以用来重写遗传密码。
          该小组甚至可以将青蛙胚胎变成蝾螈胚胎
          通过电子记录一个物种的DNA信息模式，然后将其重新传输给另一物种。
          由此产生的蝾螈甚至可以交配并产生小蝾螈。
          
               Specific sound frequencies: herein lays the power of Luckman’s DNA activation method. 
          Some of you may be aware that our mathematically structured DNA is “tuned” to the ancient Solfeggio scale; 
          it is resonant with it. According to mathematicians Marko Rodin and Victor Showell, this scale constructs the entire universe. 
          Len Horowitz, DMD, comments that the “creationistic dynamics of matter have their source in pure acoustic spirit”, 
          which is vividly demonstrated (analogically) by the work of the late Dr. Hans Jenny. 
          By vibrating a mass of solid particles on a metal plate at certain frequencies, Jenny caused those particles to arrange spontaneously into specific geometric forms. 
          Alternatively, the vibration of these loose particles suspended in a fluid could be seen to create nested geometric figures – the Platonic solids, 
          in point of fact – hence Horowitz’s point about matter being created by “sonic” frequencies in the “spiritual” domain. 
          Because the ground of reality is fundamentally holographic, 
          it assembles the manifest universe fractally in a self-referencing manner in which geometric forms such as the Platonic solids can be nested within one another.
              特定的声音频率：这是Luckman的DNA激活方法的强大功能。
          你们中有些人可能已经知道，我们的数学结构化DNA已“调节”到古老的视唱练耳标准；
          它与之共鸣。根据数学家Marko Rodin和Victor Showell的说法，这种比例尺构成了整个宇宙。
          DMD的Len Horowitz评论说：“物质的创造动力源于纯声学精神”，
          已故汉斯·詹妮（Hans Jenny）博士的工作生动地（从逻辑上）证明了这一点。
          通过在金属板上以一定频率振动大量固体颗粒，Jenny使这些颗粒自发地排列成特定的几何形状。
          另外，可以看到悬浮在流体中的这些松散颗粒的振动会产生嵌套的几何图形，例如柏拉图固体，
          事实上–因此霍洛维茨的观点是物质是由“精神”域中的“音速”频率产生的。
          由于现实的基础从根本上讲是全息的，
          它以一种自引用的方式分形地组装了清单宇宙，在这种方式中，诸如柏拉图式固体的几何形式可以相互嵌套。
          
               By simply utilizing the specific, correctly tuned vowel chanting technique 
          – the most important ingredient –and a 528 Hertz Solfeggio tuning fork (as detailed in Luckman’s recent book ‘Potentiate Your DNA’, 
          some of your mobile genetic elements can be activated to harness greater amounts of torsion energy in time-space/aether. 
          With the Regenetics method, the activation of potential DNA occurs incrementally as one goes through the different stages of Potentiation, 
          Articulation, Elucidation, and, lastly, Transcension.) Potentiation, the first phase of Regenetics technique, specifically employs the “mi” note of 528 Hz, 
          which has been used by molecular biologists to repair genetic defects and is also known simply as “Love Hertz”. 
          (Subsequent activations incorporate more of the Solfeggio tones.)
               通过简单地利用特定的，正确调整的元音诵经技术
          –最重要的成分–和528 Hertz Solfeggio音叉（如Luckman最近的著作《增强您的DNA》中所述，
          您的一些移动遗传元素可以被激活，以在时空/以太中利用更多的扭转能量。
          借助Regenetics方法，潜在的DNA的激活会随着增强过程的不同阶段而逐渐发生，
          强化，再生技术的第一阶段，专门采用了528 Hz的“ mi”音符，
          它已被分子生物学家用来修复遗传缺陷，也被简称为“ Love Hertz”。
         （随后的激活合并了更多的视唱练音。）
          
          　                                                 AI Influences on Earth and Beyond
                                                                人工智能对地球及其以外的影响

          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
