    Source Link is Here: http://bbs.tianya.cn/post-no05-429790-1.shtml
    Archive Link is Here: https://archive.vn/lytrv
    ------------------------------------------------------------------
        这个追求到了现在，在各种"现代"技术的辅助下，细分成了几个核心子项目，下面将把这些核心子项目的最新认知做了简要的梳理：
        
                                          Organic vs. Artificial Immortality
　　    Cyborg ET Races, AI Black Goo, ‘Wave X’, the Solar Shift &Organic Evolution via Truth Receptivity
                                                   有机与人工不朽
        电子人ET竞赛，AI黑色黏性物质，“ Wave X”，通过真理接受度进行的太阳移动和有机进化
        
        The process for achieving physical immortality is discussed heavily by the researcher Dan Winter. 
    According to Winter, and several other researchers studying the effects of expanded consciousness on the body, one can achieve a state of ‘physical immortality’ 
    by harmonizing their mind and in the process, mastering their body, while unifying with their spiritual essence.
　　    There are 2 general ways to achieve this, one uses ‘artificial means’ while the other activates the organic process latent within each embodiment or being. 
    In other words immortality of the body vehicle is ‘pre-programmed’ into life and the universe itself, but some races have developed technology which forces this process to occur, 
    coming at a heavy price.
        研究人员丹·温特（Dan Winter）大量讨论了实现身体永生的过程。 
    温特和其他几位研究人员研究了扩大意识对身体的影响后，一个人可以通过协调他们的思想和过程，掌握他们的身体，同时与他们的精神本质相统一来达到“不朽的身体”状态。
        有两种通用的方法可以实现此目的，一种使用“人工手段”，而另一种则激活每个实施例或实体中潜在的有机过程。 
    换句话说，不朽的车身是被“预先编程”到生命和宇宙本身中的，但是有些种族已经开发出了迫使这种过程发生的技术，付出了沉重的代价。
        
                                             Synchronization of Mind with Truth
                                                          心灵与真理同步
　　     Based on much research, the key principle is synchronization or entrainment of one’s higher self into the mind, which then harmonizes the body wit the universe as a whole. 
    This is accomplished by seeking the truth wholeheartedly, bravely seeking out error and falseness within, and transmuting it into a reflection of truth. 
    The emotional processes are an integral part of this mechanism.
        根据大量研究，关键原理是将一个更高的自我同步或带入大脑，然后使身体与整个宇宙协调一致。 
    这是通过全心全意地寻找真理，勇敢地寻找内部的错误和虚假，并将其转化为对真理的反映而实现的。 
    情绪过程是该机制不可或缺的一部分。
        
        Emotions are produced as an interplay between the knowledge we have within the mind and a trigger within or without 
    that if the idea we have that we have that corresponds to the trigger is accurate, complete and holistic (within ourselves), 
    it will produce positive emotions. Conversely, if the idea is inaccurate, incomplete and separated from the totality of our knowledge, negative emotions are produced. 
    Literally seeking the truth synchronizes the mind with all that IS, while rejecting it (holding on to the past) separates the mind from reality and the universe at large.
　　    For example, if you believe eating processed food is unhealthy, then when you consume it, the resulting emotion will be of regret, 
    although you may feel temporary satisfaction. On the other hand, if you believe eating raw food is healthy, then when you consume it, 
    the resulting emotion will be holistic satisfaction. How we define an object, event or experience 
    – what it means to us – determines the polarity and direction of emotional expression; whether it is positive or negative.
       情感的产生是我们内在的知识与内在或外在的触发因素之间的相互作用，如果我们拥有与触发因素相对应的想法是准确，完整和整体的（我们内部），它将产生积极的情绪。
   相反，如果想法不正确，不完整并且与我们的全部知识分开，则会产生负面情绪。从字面上看，寻求真理会使思想与所有IS保持同步，而拒绝真理（坚持过去）会使思想与现实以及整个宇宙分离。
       例如，如果您认为吃加工食品是不健康的，那么当您食用加工食品时，尽管您可能会感到暂时满意，但由此产生的情绪还是令人遗憾的。
   另一方面，如果您认为吃生食是健康的，那么当您食用生食时，所产生的情感将是整体满足感。我们如何定义一个对象，事件或体验-对我们意味着什么
   -决定了情感表达的极性和方向；无论是正面还是负面。
        
                                                          Generation of Emotion
                                                                  情感的产生
　　    Emotions affect us in several different ways. 
  First an emotion is felt in a precognitive fashion, our hearts literally reacting to the stimulus before our conscious mind even becomes aware of the trigger. 
  This creates a chemical and electromagnetic response affecting the body. Then as we become conscious of the trigger and the emotion itself, 
  a feedback process begins, as previous experiences relating to the emotion itself and the trigger flood the mind. For example, if you hate eating broccoli,
  when seeing it or smelling it, your body will remember the past choice and reproduce that in the present, you will begin to feel revulsion.
       情绪以几种不同方式影响我们。 
   首先，一种情感以一种预认知的方式被感知，在我们有意识的头脑甚至没有意识到触发因素之前，我们的内心就对刺激做出了反应。 
   这会产生影响人体的化学和电磁反应。 然后，当我们意识到触发器和情感本身时，就开始进行反馈过程，
   因为与情感本身和触发器相关的先前经验充斥了头脑。 例如，如果您讨厌吃西兰花，
   则在看到或闻到花椰菜时，您的身体会记住过去的选择，并在当下重现这一选择，您会开始感到反感。
        
        At this nexus point of past experience and future creation (the now) there is a subtle choice to accept or deny a definition of the past. 
   If we accept our past choice, the feedback will produce an intense and highly polarized negative emotion; we may be physically repulsed and sickened by even the smell of broccoli.
   But if we challenge this old idea, and open our minds, the heart will open as result; activating curiosity and the resulting intuitional processes. 
   Because our past choices still have a lot of energy, that inertia must be corrected by an initiating experience; 
   by taking an action within this more open minded perspective. If we muster the courage to try the broccoli, and our mind is open enough, 
   we’ll actually receive this truth more fully, and it will expand and transform the previous definition in to a holistic reflection of truth. 
   This transformational event depends on how well we have opened our minds and hearts to the whole truth within any given experience. 
   An act of open mindedness, within the context of a previously close minded trigger, will transform the mind, and open the heart.
       在过去经验和未来创造（现在）的这种联系点上，有一个微妙的选择来接受或拒绝过去的定义。
   如果我们接受过去的选择，反馈将产生强烈而高度两极分化的负面情绪。甚至花椰菜的气味也会使我们身体受到排斥和不适。
   但是，如果我们挑战这个古老的想法并开放思想，结果将敞开心扉。激发好奇心和由此产生的直觉过程。
   因为我们过去的选择仍然充满活力，所以惯性必须通过初步的经验加以纠正；
   在这种更加开放的视野中采取行动。如果我们鼓起勇气尝试西兰花，而且我们的思想足够开放，那么我们实际上将更充分地接受这个真理，它将扩展和转化先前的定义，成为对真理的整体反映。
   这种变革性的事件取决于我们在任何给定的经验中对全部真理打开思想和心灵的能力。
   在先前密切关注的触发因素的背景下，开放思想的行为将改变思想，并敞开心扉。
   
        Anytime we open our minds to allow for new ideas to expand the old, we are reflecting the truth within more completely, synchronizing the mind to all that IS.
   Generally speaking these transcendent experiences will produce increasingly positive emotions of greater intensity, which many spiritual works have described as enlightenment.
        每当我们开放思想以允许新思想扩展旧思想时，我们都在更完整地反映真相，使思想与所有IS保持同步。
    一般而言，这些超然的体验会产生越来越强烈的积极情绪，许多精神作品都将其描述为启蒙运动。
   
                                                                   Effect of Emotions on the Body
                                                                          情绪对身体的影响
　　   The biochemical effect of positive emotions is to produce conditions within the body which promote healing, rejuvenation and reversal of the aging process.
  The electromagnetic effect of positive emotions, reorients DNA within each cell to receive cosmic energy more clearly and intensely; 
  this creates an implosive geometry of interconnectedness. 
  This geometry enhances the auric or bioelectric field of the body to be fractal, reorienting the torus to be self inclusive. 
  These geometries are expressed throughout nature as self organizing systems of motion, centered around the Phi ratio, and by definition, any such system of motion is alive.
       积极情绪的生化作用是在体内产生促进衰老过程的愈合，恢复活力和逆转的状况。 
   积极情绪的电磁作用使每个细胞内的DNA重新定向，以更清晰，更强烈地接收宇宙能量； 
   这就产生了相互联系的内在几何。 这种几何形状增强了人体的听觉或生物电场，使其分形，使圆环重新定向为自包含的。 
   这些几何形状在整个自然界中都表示为以Phi比率为中心的自组织运动系统，并且根据定义，任何这样的运动系统都是活的。
   
       This is why breatharianism can be developed so that eventually no material substance is needed to sustain the body, we literally ‘soak up’ energy from the universe.
       这就是为什么可以发展呼吸主义，从而最终不需要物质来维持身体，我们从字面上“吸收”了宇宙的能量。
   
       Positive emotions of high intensity, such as bliss, passion and enrapturement alters the shape of DNA 
   to produce a pentagonal geometry (mathematically represented as the golden mean or Phi ratio), 
   which electromagnetically unifies the body’s aura or EM field with the surrounding environment. 
   In other words, positive emotions as a result of truth receptivity, literally connect us physically to the universe as a whole. 
   And once this occurs with enough regularity, we ‘feed off’ the universe and it sustains us indefinitely; organic immortality. 
   In the process, the so called ‘ascension’ abilities manifest: psi, telepathy, precognition, clairvoyance, telekinesis, and even bilocation.
       高强度的积极情绪（如幸福，热情和陶醉）改变了DNA的形状，
   产生了五边形的几何形状（数学上表示为黄金均值或披披比），从而使人体的光环或EM场与周围环境电磁结合。 
   换句话说，由于接受真相而产生的积极情绪从字面上将我们与整个宇宙物理连接起来。 
   一旦这种规律发生了足够的规律性，我们就“喂养”了宇宙，它无限地维持着我们。 有机不朽。 
   在此过程中，所谓的“提升”能力表现为：psi，心灵感应，预知，千里眼，心灵感应，甚至双位错。
   
       Negative emotions are a reflection of separation thought forms, a choice to stop seeking the truth within a certain topic or experience. 
   Using the broccoli example above, since we reject the experience of eating it, 
   we reject the truth which it represents and as a result our knowledge is incomplete and inaccurate; producing a negative experience. 
   The affects of these emotions on our body, due to biochemical releases, produce disease and trauma; 
   we fall into the R complex of the brain, the fight or flight response producing a pro-inflammatory condition 
   as the adrenal processes go into protection mode. Hence, eating broccoli is something we deny, 
   it will cause us to experience physical revulsion, a flight response. Electromagnetically our DNA reorients in a way which closes us off to the energy in creation, 
   and as a result the aging process is Electromagnetically our DNA reorients in a way which closes us off to the energy in creation, 
   and as a result the aging process is accelerated.
       负面情绪是分离思想形式的反映，是停止在某个主题或经历中寻求真相的选择。
   以上述西兰花为例，由于我们拒绝食用西兰花的经验，
   我们拒绝接受它所代表的真理，结果我们的知识是不完整和不准确的；产生负面的体验。
   由于生化释放，这些情绪对我们身体的影响会导致疾病和创伤；
   我们陷入大脑的R复合体，而战斗或逃跑反应会产生促炎性疾病
   随着肾上腺过程进入保护模式。因此，我们拒绝吃西兰花。
   这将使我们经历身体上的反感和逃避反应。通过电磁方式，我们的DNA重新定向，从而使我们无法接触创造的能量，
   结果，衰老过程是电磁作用的，我们的DNA重新定向，从而使我们无法接触创造的能量，
   结果，加速了老化过程。
        
                                                           Artificial Immortality
                                                                  人为的不朽
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
